Update inference doc (#11428)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/lightning_module.rst

When used like this, the model can be separated from the Task and thus used in production without needing to keep it in
a ``LightningModule``.

- You can export to `ONNX <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/onnx.html>`_ using :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.to_onnx`.

> - Or trace using `TorchScript <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/jit.html>`_ using :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.to_torchscript`.

Reviewer: I believe one of the examples should stay here. It's not about fully de-duplicating everything in the docs. We can show a small example like below here and point to the more extensive docs via link you made. I believe that would be appropriate.

> Checkout :ref:`Inference in Production <production_inference>` doc to learn about the possible ways to perform inference in production.

Reviewer: checkout vs. check out

> Checkout :ref:`Inference in Production <production_inference>` doc to learn about the possible ways to perform inference in production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out :ref:`Inference in Production <production_inference>` doc to learn about the possible ways to perform inference in production.
```
